well howdy there internet people let's
bow again so tonight we're going to talk
about 14 characteristics and ten stages
if you know where this is going to stick
around you're gonna find out something
you don't know at the end so I'm gonna
list 14 characteristics of a certain
kind of government give you examples of
the ones that aren't plainly obvious and
then we're going to talk about something
else
so those fourteen characteristics first
of which is powerful and continuing
displays of nationalism you know picture
flags on everything very patriotic
slogans Trump hugging the flag the next
is a disdain for human rights that
should be plainly obvious you know
support of torture black sites
concentration camps that sort of thing
identifying enemies and scapegoats us
and them those Muslims those those
illegals we got enough of the bad people
are right the others supremacy of the
military in these regimes even if there
are widespread problems at home the
military receives a ridiculous portion
of the budget like here rampant sexism
that one should be obvious grabber by
the she's a good pizza yeah she was
pretty obvious the other thing that's
interesting is that in this category
also is included discrimination against
gays and opposition to abortion seems
cooler along the nose doesn't it just
see you know this was written in 2003
it wasn't tailor-made for Trump it just
seems like it is control of the mass
media is really important to these kinds
of regimes maybe suggesting that there's
a state-run news outlet to counter all
the fake news
there's a an obsession with national
security and this is more about
governing through fear we've got to tell
you who to be afraid of so we can tell
you we're gonna protect you from them
and you'll give us your rights in order
to do that it's what it's about the
blending of religion and government now
this is really just innately American
there's always been religious rhetoric
in government since very early on very
early on the one ripe I have with this
list is it says that corporate power is
protected whereas most other experts on
this subject would say that corporate
power and government are blended not
just protected and this would be you
know the privatization of government
functions like prisons detainment
facilities contracting along the border
these kinds of things and an obsession
with the corporate well-being of
entities within the country labor
suppression now that one's a little a
little more obscure but let's just say
in the u.s. there are two agencies that
deal with unions one regulates the
unions and make sure that they're not
doing anything wrong the other regulates
the companies that have unions one of
these had their budgets slashed the one
that regulates the companies the other
had their budget increase the one that
regulates the unions a disdain for
intellectuals in the arts I love
uneducated voters an obsession with
crime and punishment I'll pardon those
people that do stuff wrong because you
want to punish those you feel that are
doing something illegal and it extends
to creating a situation where the police
can get away with anything bang their
head you don't have to treat them too
nice
Koni ISM and corruption I'm fairly
certain that nepotism would fall under
that or using government funds to go to
your own hotels and then the last one is
fraudulent elections see the most recent
Supreme Court case most of the time this
is accomplished through judicial review
and gerrymandering these are the
fourteen characteristics of fascism you
are here to those that are saying well
that doesn't sound so bad there's never
been a fascist regime in history that
did not go through these ten stages the
first of which is classification that's
where you divide them up us and them
good guys and bad guys
the next is symbolization where we
define them by other terms you know not
people but illegals maybe come up with
other terms to use them for and we
create a mascot form a boogeyman to
scare everybody with like ms-13 next is
discrimination and that is where we
start to deny the rights now
historically this is done through
legislation in the u.s. we're just
saying oh they don't have them because
they're illegal but they do
constitutionally that precedent has been
set for a very very very long time
the next is dehumanization and you know
that's where they become animals and
disease carriers why we've got to check
them at the border right because they're
all just dirty brown people so really on
the nose isn't it the next stage is
organization and that's where the
militias start to pop up and you see a
lot of replacements in government
positions shaking things up and there's
a cuttin a lot of times it's a
decentralized network that pulls this
stuff together
then there's polarization and that's
where you have hate groups start to
emerge
and become very vocal and they
mainstream these ideas
don't worry though there's nice people
on both sides then we get to preparation
and this is more mental preparation of
you where they start using terms like
purifying the nation mass removal well
they won't assimilate they're not really
part of us are a we've got to do
something about and then we get to
persecution and that's concentration
camps that's when those show up you are
here the next step the next stage is
extermination the stage after that is
denial yeah that's that's where crap
we're really close and right now there's
people saying you know we're not going
to commit genocide that's ridiculous
mm-hmm maybe but genocide like the term
ethnic cleansing is misunderstood in the
United States genocide doesn't just mean
mass killings it's not what it means
like ethnic cleansing and genocide are
not interchangeable terms
aetna cleansing could be renaming street
signs if at the end of World War two
when we had control of Berlin we renamed
all the roads after us generals that
would be ethnic cleansing that there's
the common usage and then there's the
legal term under the legal term of
genocide there are five components five
things that qualify one is the forcible
transfer of children to another group
that one's already happening not just
their adoption but in a truly American
twist we're taking them and putting them
into facilities where because of the
cronyism our friends are making money
that one's already happening the next
one is to prevent births from that
target group because you know we got to
get rid of those anchor babies right
already happening deliberately
inflicting poor conditions on that group
and in hopes of destroying them in part
such as well you know they don't need
soap toothbrushes or beds food already
happening doing things to intentionally
cause them physical and mental harm
child separation the conditions in these
camps already happening in fact the only
one that isn't happening under the the
legal definition the genocide is mass
killings that's it you are here
it's a little sobering but it's
something that I think we really need to
pay attention to you have all of these
these lists that have been around a long
long time and we're matching them up
almost like we're following them like a
blueprint and nobody wants to dare call
it what it is
I don't normally at the end of my videos
I don't normally say hey share this
share this one there there are people
that need to understand this they need
to understand where we're at because
very soon they're gonna have their have
to make a choice are they gonna double
down on their mistake or are they gonna
attempt to correct it are they gonna
speak out anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night